BUG: Updated Apex.nc (#72)
victoriyaforsythe/PyIRI: README.md

---

## Routine Package Maintenance: IGRF Updates

> The PyIRI model relies on an accurate representation of the Earth's magnetic field for the spherical harmonics library. PyIRI's magnetic coordinate conversions are ultimately derived from IGRF coefficients, which apexpy uses to compute Apex and Quasi-Dipole (QD) coordinates via Spherical Harmonic (SH) fits. When a new International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF) definition is released, the underlying IGRF coefficient files that apexpy depends on become obsolete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PyIRI model relies on an accurate representation of the Earth's magnetic field for the spherical harmonics library. PyIRI uses the quasi-dipole (QD) magnetic coordinate system.  These coordinates, which ultimately derive from the International Geomagnetic Reference Field (IGRF) coefficients, are computed by apexpy and then fit via Spherical Harmonics (SH) for easy reference. When a new IGRF definition is released, the previous set of IGRF coefficient files (especially the last five years, which are an extrapolation) become obsolete.
```
